B OpenNebula/one#6135: removed duplicated records (#2503)
OpenNebula/docs: source/intro_release_notes/release_notes_enterprise/resolved_issues_661.rst

- `Fix filtered attributes for backup restoration (DEV_PREFIX, OS/UUID) <https://github.com/OpenNebula/one/issues/6044>`__.
- `Fix filtering MAC attribute only when no_ip is used <https://github.com/OpenNebula/one/issues/6048>`__.
- `Fix marketplace image download with wrong user from FireEdge Sunstone <https://github.com/OpenNebula/one/issues/6048>`__.

> - `Fix removed duplicate records in Machine type and CPU model inputs <https://github.com/OpenNebula/one/issues/6135>`__.

Reviewer: I think it will be more understandable if it is:

```suggestion
- `Remove duplicated records in machine type and CPU model inputs <https://github.com/OpenNebula/one/issues/6135>`__.
```
